fix: set no-op proxy config to get Vite HTTPS working (#12907)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/unlucky-walls-drum.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: set a no-op proxy config so that Vite HTTPS works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: when using `@vitejs/plugin-basic-ssl`, set a no-op proxy config to downgrade from HTTP/2 to TLS since `undici` does not yet enable HTTP/2 by default
```
